README.md, before:

# ToDoList – Plan Your Day, Boost Your Focus 🗓️✅🧠

🔗 **Live demo:**  
[https://constantinekobushka.github.io/todo-list-js/](https://constantinekobushka.github.io/todo-list-js/)

## 🔎 Project Overview

**ToDoList** is a lightweight yet powerful task manager designed to help you stay focused, organized, and in control of your day.  
Built using a _desktop-first_ approach with responsive (fluid) layout, it works great across all screen sizes — from desktops to mobile devices.

📝 Users can:

- Add new tasks ✍️
- Mark tasks as completed ✅
- Delete individual tasks 🗑️
- Clear all tasks with one click 🔄

Whether you're a student, developer, or business owner — this tool is for anyone who values **time**, **clarity**, and **daily momentum**.

---

## 🌟 Key Features

- ➕ Add new tasks
- ✅ Mark tasks as done
- 🗑️ Delete selected tasks
- 🔄 Clear all tasks at once
- 💾 Tasks saved in Local Storage

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

### 🔨 Frontend

- **HTML5** – semantic, well-structured layout
- **CSS3** – styling and flexible responsiveness
- **JavaScript** – dynamic logic and DOM manipulation

---

## 🚀 Installation & Launch

### 📦 Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ConstantineKobushka/todo-list-js

Open the project folder in your code editor (e.g., VS Code)
and open the index.html file in your browser — and the site is ready to view.
```

Commit message:

add preview in readme files

README.md, after:

# ToDoList – Plan Your Day, Boost Your Focus 🗓️✅🧠

🔗 **Live demo:**  
[https://constantinekobushka.github.io/todo-list-js/](https://constantinekobushka.github.io/todo-list-js/)

![ToDoList Preview](preview.png)

## 🔎 Project Description

**ToDoList** is a lightweight yet powerful task manager designed to help you stay focused, organized, and in control of your day.  
Built using a _desktop-first_ approach with responsive (fluid) layout, it works great across all screen sizes — from desktops to mobile devices.

📝 Users can:

- Add new tasks ✍️
- Mark tasks as completed ✅
- Delete individual tasks 🗑️
- Clear all tasks with one click 🔄

Whether you're a student, developer, or business owner — this tool is for anyone who values **time**, **clarity**, and **daily momentum**.

---

## 🌟 Key Features

- ➕ Add new tasks
- ✅ Mark tasks as done
- 🗑️ Delete selected tasks
- 🔄 Clear all tasks at once
- 💾 Tasks saved in Local Storage

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

### 🔨 Frontend

- **HTML5** – semantic, well-structured layout
- **CSS3** – styling and flexible responsiveness
- **JavaScript** – dynamic logic and DOM manipulation

---

## 🚀 Installation & Launch

### 📦 Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ConstantineKobushka/todo-list-js

Open the project folder in your code editor (for example VS Code)
and open the index.html file in your browser — and the site is ready to view.
```
